sources:
https://en.oxforddictionaries.com/
https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/learning/microsoft-certified-professional.aspx
http://www.dummies.com/social-media/linkedin/10-linkedin-profile-dos-donts/
https://english.stackexchange.com/questions/44538/what-does-the-phrase-stay-hungry-stay-foolish-mean


Stay Hungry. Stay Foolish.
If you're "hungry" and "foolish," you are willing to learn. So Jobs was telling people always be willing to learn new things.

Stay Hungry.
Never be satisfied, and always push yourself.

Stay hungry = Always be curious to learn more and achieve more.

Stay foolish = Dare to make unconventional decision as Steve Jobs did when he quit his college to persue his quest, as Gandhi did when he adopted satyagraha against oppression, as Buffet did early in his career when he made some well calculated investments in low priced high potential companies. In this case some people might call you foolish but Providence will prove that it pays to stay foolish. Here I humbly beg to differ from an interpretation of stay foolish (that we should be ready to learn more) because interpretation of stay hungry naturally includes this thought.


Stay Foolish
Do (or be willing to keep trying) the things people say cannot be done.

You only live once

Please let mi know

Through December = Til December

certfication will be awarded using exams=> 
award - 
*Give or order the giving of (something) as an official payment, compensation, or prize to (someone)
*Grant or assign (a contract or commission) to (a person or organization)
‘the company was awarded a contract to refurbish the timber mill’
*A prize or other mark of recognition given in honour of an achievement.
‘the company's annual award for high-quality service’
*An amount of money given as an official payment, compensation, or grant.


compensation - Something, typically money, awarded to someone in recognition of loss, suffering, or injury.

ultimately = finally

Absolutely the certification changed my life
The moment I got my first MCP it was that much easier to get the interviews and ultimately secure a job."

rigorous - extremely thorough and careful: ‘the rigorous testing of consumer products’

thorough - Taking pains to do something carefully and completely, Performed or written with great care and completeness.
‘officers have made a thorough examination of the wreckage’

wreckage - The remains of something that has been badly damaged or destroyed, ‘the wreckage of a crashed aircraft’

remains - The remains of something that has been badly damaged or destroyed.
‘firemen had to cut him free from the wreckage of the car’
‘Pula's Roman remains include the public baths and a triumphal arch’
‘she downed the remains of her drink in one go’,
‘Saint Ubaldo's remains are housed in the basilica’

in one go

Do Use a Professional Profile Picture

Don’t Use LinkedIn’s Default Headline
You couldn’t pick a worse headline if you tried.

Do Use Eye-Catching Symbols Sparingly

Don’t Stuff Keywords

Don’t Go Back 30 Years

Do Get Recommendations

Do Add Multimedia Files

Do Include Your Contact Information

 conversational way



